Fix: hexToBytes function failing and endDate and startDate missing on multisig (#159)
aragon/sdk: modules/common/CHANGELOG.md

-->

## [UPCOMING]
## 0.10.1-beta

> - Fix `hextoBytes` crashing when `0x` is the input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `hextoBytes` throwing an error when `0x` is the input
```
